Mauricio S. Perez
CSC18a - 48984
Professor Paul J. Conrad
Assignment 4: Problem 5.22 (Temperature Conversions)
	
	This assignment was straight forward:
		Write two methods: 
		a) Method Celsius returns the Celsius equivalent of a Fahrenheit 
			temperature, using the calculation

                Celsius = 5.0 / 9.0 ( Fahrenheit - 32);

		b) Method Fahrenheit returns the Fahrenheit equivalent of a 
			Celsius temperature, using the calculation 

                Fahrenheit = 9.0 / 5.0 Celsius + 32;

		 c) Use the methods from parts (a) and (b) to write an application 
			that enables the user either to enter a Fahrenheit temperature
			and display the Celsius equivalent or to enter a Celsius 
			temperature and display the Fahrenheit equivalent.
			
						Variables Used
						
        float value1=0;         //Holds Temp Value for Temperature.
        float value2=0;         //Holds Temp Value for Choice in F or C.
        boolean  celB=false;    //Holds Bool for celsius as a choice.
        boolean  fahrB=false;   //Holds Bool for fahrenheit as a choice.
        float celsius=0;        //Holds final temp value of fahrenheit.
        float fahrenheit=0;     //Holds final temp value of celsius.
			
	I implemented part c first.
	I used while loops and if statements to force the user to select what type 
	of 	input they were going to use. The user is initially asked if the 
	choice of input would be in Celsius. If the user selects Celsius, they will
	be asked to confirm their choice. If not, then the user will be asked if 
	they want to chose Fahrenheit. Until the user selects and confirms their 
	choice, they will not be able to input the temperature they want to 
	convert. "value 2" is used as a place holder to store the selection.
	When the temperature is confirmed, we also set our boolians to their
	specific logic: If Celsius is selected, "celB" will equal "true", "fahrB"
	will equal "false".
	
	After the temperature selection, we ask the user to input a value for
	the temperature. value 1 stores it temporary. Later when we call our 
	functions, either "celsius" of "fahrenheit" will equal "value 1".
	Once passed, one will hold the value inputed by the user, and the other
	will be returned by the function.
	
	The two functions were not hard to implement. Each function for converting
	Celsius to Fahrenheit or Fahrenheit to Celsius passes both parameters
	to later return the desired converted temperature. The only problem I had
	writing this program, was getting my float variables to properly hold a
	float value. I got around this by breaking off the fraction part of each
	celsius or fahrenheit equation, and forcing the float values into my temp
	float variable (See code). I tried to write one line of code with a return,
	but the return would always result in 1 or the last value the returned 
	variable at the time it was passed. Popping an "f" infront of my values 
	allowed the float to hold a float value. I don't yet understand why this
	worked.
	